{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe2052{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red17\green85\blue204;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.3.9600}{\*\mmathPr\mnaryLim0\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\cf1\f0\fs24 Anomalous Medical Subscription Agreement\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\par
PLEASE REVIEW THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE INSTALLING OR USING THIS SOFTWARE. BY INSTALLING OR USING THIS SOFTWARE, YOU (EITHER AN INDIVIDUAL OR A SINGLE ENTITY) INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH TERMS AND CONDITIONS, WHICH CONSTITUTE THE LICENSE SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT") BETWEEN YOU (THE "SUBSCRIBER") AND ANOMALOUS MEDICAL, LLC OR ITS SUBSIDIARIES (COLLECTIVELY "ANOMALOUS" OR "COMPANY"). YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE COVERED BY THIS AGREEMENT ENTAILS USE OF CERTAIN OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE.  THIS SOFTWARE IS OFFERED "AS IS," WITH NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY.  BY INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE AND/OR DOCUMENTATION, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND BECOME A SUBSCRIBER OF ANOMALOUS. \par
 \par
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MAY AND SHOULD NOT INSTALL, COPY, DOWNLOAD OR USE THE SOFTWARE. \par
  \par
THIS SUBSCRIPTION IS FOR ONE USER AND IS SPECIFIC TO THE PURCHASER OF THE SUBSCRIPTION AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT THE EXPRESS WRITTEN PERMISSION OF COMPANY.  \par
\par
\f1\fs20 1.\tab\f0\fs24  Subscription Terms\f1\fs20\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj A.\tab\f0\fs24 As a Subscriber you may obtain access to certain content, services and software ("Subscriptions") made available to Subscribers. \f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 B.\tab\f0\fs24 This Agreement does not allow you to exploit software product identified herein (the "Software") or the accompanying printed material and User Manual (the "Documentation"), if any or any of its parts for any commercial purpose (together Software and Documentation shall be referenced as "Licensed Program"). Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement or by any other express written consent of Anomalous, you shall not display, modify, reproduce or distribute any part or portion of the Software, nor any related product or documentation if any.  No part of the Software or any of its images may be used for any purpose other than internal use for staff training, personal education, or patient education.   Notwithstanding,  Company grants Subscriber the right for one user to use the Software, copy its images, content and documentation in connection with their own website, personal live lectures and/or their own promotional materials, subject to all terms and conditions provided herein and provided none of such use is associated with a competitor or Company (as determined in Company's sole discretion).   All copies must bear the Anomalous Medical copyright notice,\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li1080\ri720\sl240\slmult1\qj\tx8640\b\f0\fs24 "\'a9 Anomalous Medical, LLC, 20__"    \par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\tx9360\b0 and retain all logos, backgrounds and other marks that identify the source as originating with Company.  No trademark, patent or copyright markings may be removed from the software or any copies of images or other content produced from it.  You shall not, for any reason use the Software or Documentation in any product such as a book, video, website using graphics to provide a tour of the human body or any other software product.  \par

\pard\li720\ri90\sl240\slmult1\qj\tx9270  \par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 C.\tab\f0\fs24 When you complete the registration process, you create an account ("Account"). Your Account may also include billing information you provide to us for the purchase of Subscriptions. You are solely responsible for all activity on your Account and for the security of your computer system. You may not reveal, share or otherwise allow others to use your password or Account. You agree that you are personally responsible for the use of your password and Account and for all of the communication and activity that results from use of your login name and password. You may not sell or charge others for the right to use your Account, or otherwise transfer your Account.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 D.\tab\f0\fs24 DEDICATED SERVER: Your Subscription(s) (as defined herein) contain access to Company's servers. You \ul must\ulnone  use the Companies servers to access your Subscription and use the Licensed Program.  Notwithstanding, you shall be solely responsible for procuring any Internet access, bandwidth, or hardware for such activities and will bear all costs associated therewith.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 E.\tab\f0\fs24 You may not distribute or in any way allow access to the Software so as to allow another to distribute the Software or have access to download the Software for any source other than Company.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl276\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li360\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 2.\tab\f0\fs24  SUBSCRIPTION LICENSE/ LICENSED PROGRAM\f1\fs20\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj A.\tab\f0\fs24 The term Licensed Program as used herein means any code, program, documents, materials, marks, trademarks, names, logos, trade names, service marks or any portion thereof downloaded or used or accessed as a part of this Agreement.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 B.\tab\f0\fs24 Company hereby grants to you and you accept, a limited, terminable, non-exclusive license (and any updates thereof for which you have paid a subscription fee)  ("Subscription") to use the Licensed Program on the terms set forth below.  Any features for which you have not paid a subscription fee or any other un-enabled features of the Licensed Program (unless Company provides a software protection enabling key or code for such un-enabled features) are unlicensed and you agree not to use or access such features. Certain licenses to the Licensed Program are time limited, to the extent designated by the Company and as may be set forth in the feature line license key that is issued, and will automatically time-out at the end of the designated period.  Your License confers no title or ownership in the Licensed Program. \f1\fs20\par

\pard\li360\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li360\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 C.\tab\f0\fs24  OWNERSHIP\f1\fs20\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj A.\tab\f0\fs24 Company shall retain all worldwide rights, title and interest in and to the Licensed Program (including without limitation ownership of all copyrights and other intellectual property rights therein), as well as all right, title and interest in and to its trademarks, service marks, trade names worldwide, including any goodwill associated therewith.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24   \par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 B.\tab\f0\fs24 Under no circumstances shall any provision of this Agreement be understood or deemed to restrict, bar, prohibit, or limit Company's right to market, sell, distribute, display or otherwise provide access to the Licensed Program directly or indirectly anywhere in the world, or enter into contracts, grant licenses or make arrangements with any other party to market, sell, distribute, display or otherwise provide access to the Licensed Program anywhere in the world.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 C.\tab\f0\fs24  You shall not sublicense, transfer, sell, lease or assign any right granted herein to any other person or entity. \f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 D.\tab\f0\fs24 The source code of the Software, and the algorithms, concepts, techniques, methods and processes embodied therein, constitute trade secrets and confidential and proprietary information of Anomalous and its licensors, and you shall not access or use such trade secrets and information in any manner, except to the extent expressly permitted herein. Anomalous and its licensors retain all title, copyright, patent and other proprietary rights therein. You agree not to remove or obscure any copyright, trademark or patent notices found in or on any user documentation or the Software.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 1.\tab\f0\fs24 GENERAL\f1\fs20\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj a.\tab\f0\fs24 The Licensed Program is licensed to you, not sold, for use only under the terms and conditions of this Agreement.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 b.\tab\f0\fs24 You hereby acknowledge, understand and agree that the Licensed Program is protected by the copyrights laws of the United States and international copyright treaties in addition to other intellectual property laws in the United States and throughout the world.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 c.\tab\f0\fs24 You further hereby acknowledge, understand and agree that the terms and conditions of this Agreement will apply to any upgrades, improvements, alterations or modifications of the Licensed Program (collectively the "Improvements"), unless such Improvements are accompanied by a separate license or subscription. The terms and conditions of such a separate license or subscription will apply to the Licensed Program or product it accompanies.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 d.\tab\f0\fs24 As a Subscriber, Anomalous shall, but only until the date through which you have purchased a valid subscription, provide you with fixes and other updates to the Licensed Program that Anomalous chooses to make generally available to its Subscribers; and use commercially reasonable efforts to respond by telephone or email to inquiries from you for technical or other Support regarding the Software. Any information collected by Anomalous from you pursuant to any requests from you for Support, including design files compiled using the Software and provided by you to Anomalous for design assistance, enhancement and troubleshooting, may be used internally at Anomalous for the purpose of improving the future versions of the Software and other future products. Any such information will not be disclosed by Anomalous to any third parties other than its subsidiaries, its distributors and sales representatives and to the company on behalf of whom you are using the Software (collectively, Partners). Anomalous shall exercise reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality of the information.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\tx720\f1\fs20 e.\tab\f0\fs24 Company may, from time to time, provide you with support services related to the Licensed Program ("Support"). Company reserves the right to alter, suspend, and terminate the Support at any time and for any reason. Use of Support is governed by this Agreement and Company's Policies and Guidelines, available for download and viewing at  {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anomalousmedical.com%2FPolicies.aspx&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNE3uKInlR3YP74NTGG1o-40FoMsDQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul http}}}}{\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anomalousmedical.com%2FPolicies.aspx&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNE3uKInlR3YP74NTGG1o-40FoMsDQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul ://}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anomalousmedical.com%2FPolicies.aspx&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNE3uKInlR3YP74NTGG1o-40FoMsDQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul www}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anomalousmedical.com%2FPolicies.aspx&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNE3uKInlR3YP74NTGG1o-40FoMsDQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anomalousmedical.com%2FPolicies.aspx&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNE3uKInlR3YP74NTGG1o-40FoMsDQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul anomalousmedical}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anomalousmedical.com%2FPolicies.aspx&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNE3uKInlR3YP74NTGG1o-40FoMsDQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anomalousmedical.com%2FPolicies.aspx&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNE3uKInlR3YP74NTGG1o-40FoMsDQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul com}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anomalousmedical.com%2FPolicies.aspx&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNE3uKInlR3YP74NTGG1o-40FoMsDQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul /}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.anomalousmedical.com%2FPolicies.aspx&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNE3uKInlR3YP74NTGG1o-40FoMsDQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul Policies}}}}\cf1\ulnone\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 f.\tab\f0\fs24 Under no circumstances shall Anomalous be liable to any party in an amount beyond the greater of ten ($10.00) dollars or the Subscription fee paid by you or your employer to Anomalous for the Licensed Program, Software, or Support covered by this Agreement. You may not sublicense, assign, or transfer the license, the Licensed Program or disclose any trade secrets embodied in the Licensed Program, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. Any attempt otherwise to sublicense, assign, or transfer any of the rights, duties, or obligations hereunder is void and shall automatically terminate this subscription/license. \f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 g.\tab\f0\fs24 This Agreement is entered into for the benefit of Anomalous and its licensors, and all rights granted to you and all obligations owed to Anomalous shall be enforceable by Anomalous and its licensors. \f1\fs20\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 h.\tab\f0\fs24 BY INSTALLING OR USING THE SOFTWARE OR BY PAYING A SUBSCRIPTION FEE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS. YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT IT IS THE COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT OF THE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND ANOMALOUS WHICH SUPERSEDES ANY PROPOSAL OR PRIOR AGREEMENT, ORAL OR WRITTEN, AND ANY OTHER COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN YOU AND ANOMALOUS RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 i.\tab\ul\f0\fs24 U.S. Government Restricted Rights\ulnone : The Licensed Program and any accompanying documentation are commercial products. Use, duplication, release, modification, transfer or disclosure thereof by the U.S. Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c) of The Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of Commercial Computer Software--Restricted Rights at 48 FAR 52.227-19, as applicable, or in similar or successor clauses\f1\fs20\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par
6. THIRD PARTY CONTENT\par
All Subscribers shall have the ability to create, host and/or sell User Generated Information created within the Licensed Program in the Company store ("Third Party Content").  Third Party Content may not be created, hosted or sold outside Licensed Program or Company store.  Subscribers shall own any specific message created within the Third Party Content, and all remaining content shall be owned by Company.  Subscribers shall be solely responsible for any information, data, program, etc. uploaded to Company for the purpose of sale. Including, but not limited to ensuring that all material uploaded has the necessary and proper permissions and licenses.  Subscribers shall be responsible for all costs associated with the processing of payments on behalf of a Third Party Content creator, which may include a fee to Company.  Subscribers who desire to create and post free content for other subscribers shall pay a hosting fee to Company.   As to all Subscriptions, Company acts merely as an intermediary service provider for all software and related content that is not authored by Company. Company does not screen such Third Party Content made available to Subscribers from third parties. Company does not assume any responsibility or liability for such third party content.  Company may take down and remove any Third Party Content at any time without notice in its sole discretion.\par
\par
7. USER GENERATED INFORMATION\par
"User Generated Information" means any information made available through the Licensed Program and/or this Agreement by other Subscribers and licensees of Company.  Subject to the Company's privacy policy, as applicable and as amended, you expressly grant Company the complete and irrevocable right to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, transmit, broadcast, and otherwise communicate, and publicly display and perform the User Generated Information and derivative works thereof in any form, anywhere, with or without attribution to you, and without any notice or compensation to you of any kind.\par
\par
8. RESERVATION\par
\par
ALL RIGHTS NOT EXPRESSLY GRANTED HEREIN ARE RESERVED BY COMPANY.\par
\line YOU MAY NOT USE, COPY, MODIFY, DISTRIBUTE OR TRANSFER THE SOFTWARE OR ANY COPY, OR MERGED OR COMBINED PORTION THEREOF, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR IN THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU TRANSFER POSSESSION OF ANY COPY, OR MERGED OR COMBINED PORTION OF THE SOFTWARE, TO ANOTHER PARTY EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, YOUR LICENSE IS AUTOMATICALLY TERMINATED. YOU MAY NOT DECOMPILE, DISASSEMBLE, REVERSE ENGINEER OR OTHERWISE ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THE SOURCE CODE OF THE SOFTWARE OR REDUCE IT TO A HUMAN READABLE FORM; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT IF YOU ARE LOCATED IN A MEMBER NATION OF THE EUROPEAN COMMUNITY OR OTHER JURISDICTION THAT PERMITS LIMITED REVERSE ENGINEERING, YOU MAY PERFORM LIMITED REVERSE ENGINEERING, BUT ONLY AFTER GIVING NOTICE TO ANOMALOUS AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY THE EC SOFTWARE DIRECTIVE OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW. YOU MAY NOT PUBLISH OR DISCLOSE THE RESULTS OF ANY BENCHMARKING OF THE SOFTWARE, OR USE SUCH RESULTS FOR YOUR OWN COMPETING SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES, WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION OF ANOMALOUS.\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj 8. TERM AND TERMINATION\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 A.\tab\f0\fs24 This Subscription is effective from the moment you agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and begin to download any portion of the Licensed Program.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 B.\tab\f0\fs24 You may terminate this Agreement at any time by destroying the Licensed Program along with all copies, full or partial, and removing all of its component parties.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 C.\tab\f0\fs24 If, at any time, you fail to comply with or breach any term (or terms) of this Agreement, your rights under this Agreement will AUTOMATICALLY TERMINATE without notice from Company. In such an event, Company is under no obligation to provide notice.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 D.\tab\f0\fs24 Company may terminate this Subscription at any time.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 E.\tab\f0\fs24 Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, all rights granted herein shall revert to the original owner. You must immediately cease all use of the Licensed Program and destroy all remaining copies, including the originally downloaded copy.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj 9. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 A.\tab\f0\fs24 The Parties hereby agree and acknowledge that Company shall retain all rights, titles, and interest in the Licensed Program and to any modifications or Improvements made thereto. You will not obtain any rights in the Licensed Program.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 B.\tab\f0\fs24 You acknowledge Company's exclusive rights in the Licensed Program.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 C.\tab\f0\fs24 You acknowledge that the Licensed Program is unique and original to Company and that Company is the owner thereof.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 D.\tab\f0\fs24 Unless otherwise permitted by law, You shall not, at any time during or after the effective Term of the Agreement, dispute or contest, directly or indirectly, Company's exclusive right and title to the Licensed Program or the validity thereof.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\line 10. LAW ASSURANCES\par
You hereby agree to fully comply with the laws of the United States regarding the exportation of goods from the United States.\par
\line 11. ADDITIONAL WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS OF COMPANY\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 A.\tab\f0\fs24 TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE LICENSED PROGRAM AND ALL OPEN SOURCE COMPONENTS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND COMPANY AND COMPANY'S AFFILIATES (EXPRESSLY REFERRED TO AS COMPANY FOR PURPOSES OF THIS SECTION ONLY) HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE LICENSED PROGRAM, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 B.\tab\f0\fs24 COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH E-BUSINESS'S OR END-USER'S ENJOYMENT OF THE LICENSED PROGRAM, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE LICENSED PROGRAM WILL MEET E-BUSINESS'S OR THE END-USER'S REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE LICENSED PROGRAM WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE LICENSED PROGRAM WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY COMPANY OR A COMPANY-AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY.\f1\fs20\par
C.\tab\f0\fs24 SHOULD THE LICENSED PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, THE END-USER SHALL ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj 12. DAMAGES/LIMITATIONS\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 A.\tab\f0\fs24 UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (EVEN IF THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES) ARISING FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED PROGRAM OR ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, SUCH AS, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF REVENUE OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS OR LOST BUSINESS.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 B.\tab\f0\fs24 EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES, AND EACH PARTY HEREBY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS, ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE LICENSED PROGRAM, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARISING FROM THE COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, THE DISTRIBUTOR SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY REGARDING THE PROFITABILITY OF LICENSED PROGRAM.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 C.\tab\f0\fs24 YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY DISPUTE WITH COMPANY WITH REGARD TO THE LICENSED PROGRAM OR THE SOFTWARE IS TO DISCONTINUE USE AND CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTOIN. BECAUSE SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, IN SUCH STATES OR JURISDICTIONS, COMPANY, ITS LICENSORS, AND THEIR AFFILIATES LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\par
13. JURISDICTION, VENUE, DISPUTES \par
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Florida, United States of America. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in the County of Duval, State of Florida or the federal courts of the Middle District of Florida for the resolution of any dispute or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the parties hereto, all consenting to the jurisdiction of such courts, agree to accept service of process by mail, and hereby waive any jurisdictional or venue defenses otherwise available to it.  The prevailing party in any legal action or arbitration arising out of this Agreement shall be entitled to reimbursement for its expenses, including court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees, in addition to any other rights and remedies such party may have.\par
\par
14.  INDEMNIFICATION\par
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Anomalous, its licensors and their affiliates from all liabilities, claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, that arise from or in connection with breach of this Agreement, use of the Licensed Program or any Subscription or any related content, or any User Generated Information or Third Party Content, including, but not limited to, the creation, distribution, promotion and use of any modifications, by you or any person(s) using your account. Anomalous reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you. In that event, you shall remain liable through your obligation to indemnify Anomalous for any and all expenses incurred by Anomalous in such defense. This Section regarding Indemnification shall survive termination of this Agreement.\par
\par
15. MODIFICATIONS\par
This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by written instrument duly executed by both parties.\par
\par
16. AGREEMENT BINDING ON SUCCESSORS\par
The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto, their heirs, administrators, successors and assigns.\par
\par
17. SEVERABILITY\par
If any term, clause or provision hereof is held invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity shall not affect the validity or operation of any other term, clause or provision and such invalid term, clause or provision shall be deemed to be severed from the Agreement.\par
\par
18. SECTION HEADINGS\par
The section headings contained herein are for convenience in reference and are not intended to define or limit the scope of any provision of this Agreement.\par
\line 19. OPEN SOURCE LICENSES\par
The licenses contained below cover only the libraries that they specify. They do not include the Anomalous Medical source code or binaries.\par
\par
19a. Ogre 3d\par
OGRE({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ogre3d.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNFtQpuUmNvqUfynf6oDBgzHmxZ7Fw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul http}}}}{\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ogre3d.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNFtQpuUmNvqUfynf6oDBgzHmxZ7Fw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul ://}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ogre3d.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNFtQpuUmNvqUfynf6oDBgzHmxZ7Fw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul www}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ogre3d.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNFtQpuUmNvqUfynf6oDBgzHmxZ7Fw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ogre3d.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNFtQpuUmNvqUfynf6oDBgzHmxZ7Fw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul ogre}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ogre3d.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNFtQpuUmNvqUfynf6oDBgzHmxZ7Fw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul 3}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ogre3d.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNFtQpuUmNvqUfynf6oDBgzHmxZ7Fw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul d}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ogre3d.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNFtQpuUmNvqUfynf6oDBgzHmxZ7Fw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.ogre3d.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNFtQpuUmNvqUfynf6oDBgzHmxZ7Fw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul org}}}}\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24 ) is made available under the MIT License.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2000-2009 Torus Knot Software Ltd\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this OGRE 3d software and associated documentation files (the "3d Software"), to deal in the 3d Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the 3d Software, and to permit persons to whom the 3d Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\line\line The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
19b. MyGUI\par
\par
Unless otherwise indicated, Source Code is licensed under MIT license.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2007-2013 MyGUI Developers\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of\par
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in\par
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to\par
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies\par
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do\par
so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all\par
copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE\par
SOFTWARE.\par
\line 19c. Bullet Physics\par
\par
Bullet Continuous Collision Detection and Physics Library\par
\line Copyright (c) 2003-2006 Erwin Coumans\~{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fcontinuousphysics.com%2FBullet%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEMxW-9IHkoT7W9RTRsXa-bRZ0EjQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul http}}}}{\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fcontinuousphysics.com%2FBullet%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEMxW-9IHkoT7W9RTRsXa-bRZ0EjQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul ://}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fcontinuousphysics.com%2FBullet%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEMxW-9IHkoT7W9RTRsXa-bRZ0EjQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul continuousphysics}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fcontinuousphysics.com%2FBullet%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEMxW-9IHkoT7W9RTRsXa-bRZ0EjQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fcontinuousphysics.com%2FBullet%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEMxW-9IHkoT7W9RTRsXa-bRZ0EjQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul com}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fcontinuousphysics.com%2FBullet%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEMxW-9IHkoT7W9RTRsXa-bRZ0EjQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul /}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fcontinuousphysics.com%2FBullet%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEMxW-9IHkoT7W9RTRsXa-bRZ0EjQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul Bulle}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fcontinuousphysics.com%2FBullet%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEMxW-9IHkoT7W9RTRsXa-bRZ0EjQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul t}}}}\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24\par
\line This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software. Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,\line including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely,\line subject to the following restrictions:\par
\f1\fs20 1.\tab\f0\fs24 The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not required. \f1\fs20\par
2.\tab\f0\fs24 Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software.\f1\fs20\par
3.\tab\f0\fs24 This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\f1\fs20\par
\f0\fs24\par
19d. ZZipLib\par
\line ZZipLib is being licensed under the MPL v1.1.\par
\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ MOZILLA PUBLIC LICENSE\par
\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ Version 1.1\par
\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ ---------------\par
\line 1. Definitions.\par
\line\~\~\~\~ 1.0.1. "Commercial Use" means distribution or otherwise making the Covered Code available to a third party.\par
\line\~\~\~\~ 1.1. "Contributor" means each entity that creates or contributes to the creation of Modifications.\line\line\~\~\~\~ 1.2. "Contributor Version" means the combination of the Original Code, prior Modifications used by a Contributor, and the Modifications made by that particular Contributor.\line\line\~\~\~\~ 1.3. "Covered Code" means the Original Code or Modifications or the combination of the Original Code and Modifications, in each case including portions thereof.\par
\line\~\~\~\~ 1.4. "Electronic Distribution Mechanism" means a mechanism generally accepted in the software development community for the electronic transfer of data.\par
\line\~\~\~\~ 1.5. "Executable" means Covered Code in any form other than Source Code.\par
\line\~\~\~\~ 1.6. "Initial Developer" means the individual or entity identified as the Initial Developer in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A.\par
\line\~\~\~\~ 1.7. "Larger Work" means a work which combines Covered Code or portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License.\par
\line\~\~\~\~ 1.8. "License" means this document.\par
\line\~\~\~\~ 1.8.1. "Licensable" means having the right to grant, to the maximum extent possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or subsequently acquired, any and all of the rights conveyed herein.\par
\line\~\~\~\~ 1.9. "Modifications" means any addition to or deletion from the substance or structure of either the Original Code or any previous Modifications. When Covered Code is released as a series of files, a Modification is:\par

\pard\fi-360\li975\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 A.\tab\f0\fs24 Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file containing Original Code or previous Modifications.\f1\fs20\par
B.\tab\f0\fs24 Any new file that contains any part of the Original Code or previous Modifications.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\fi450\sl240\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24 1.10. "Original Code" means Source Code of computer software code which is described in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A as Original Code, and which, at the time of its release under this License is not already Covered Code governed by this License.\par
\line\~\~\~\~ 1.10.1. "Patent Claims" means any patent claim(s), now owned or hereafter acquired, including without limitation,\~ method, process, and apparatus claims, in any patent Licensable by grantor.\par
\line\~\~\~\~ 1.11. "Source Code" means the preferred form of the Covered Code for making modifications to it, including all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, scripts used to control \~\~\~\~ compilation and installation of an Executable, or source code differential comparisons against either the Original Code or another well known, available Covered Code of the Contributor's choice. The Source Code can be in \par
a compressed or archival form, provided the appropriate decompression or de-archiving software is widely available for no charge.\par
\line\line\~\~\~\~ 1.12. "You" (or "Your")\~ means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License or a future version of this License issued under Section 6.1. For legal entities, "You" includes any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with You. For purposes of this definition, "control" means (a) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of more than fifty percent50%) of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such entity.\par
\line 2. Source Code License.\par
\f1\fs20 1.\tab\f0\fs24 The Initial Developer Grant.\f1\fs20\par
\f0\fs24 The Initial Developer hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property claims: \par
\par
(a)\~ under intellectual property rights (other than patent or trademark) Licensable by Initial Developer to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Original Code (or portions thereof) with or without Modifications, and/or as part of a Larger Work; and \par
\par
(b) under Patents Claims infringed by the making, using or  selling of Original Code, to make, have made, use, practice, \~sell, and offer for sale, and/or otherwise dispose of the Original Code (or portions thereof). \par
\par
(c) the licenses granted in this Section 2.1(a) and (b) are effective on the date Initial Developer first distributes Original Code under the terms of this License.\par
\par
(d) Notwithstanding Section 2.1(b) above, no patent license is \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ granted: 1) for code that You delete from the Original Code; 2) separate from the Original Code;\~ or 3) for infringements caused by: i) the modification of the Original Code or ii) the combination of the Original Code with other software or devices.\par
\par
2.2. Contributor Grant. Subject to third party intellectual property claims, each Contributor hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license\par
\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ (a)\~ under intellectual property rights (other than patent or  trademark) Licensable by Contributor, to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Modifications created by such Contributor (or portions thereof) either on an unmodified basis, with other Modifications, as Covered Code and/or as part of a Larger Work; and\par
\line (b) under Patent Claims infringed by the making, using, or selling of\~ Modifications made by that Contributor either alone and/or in combination with its Contributor Version (or portions of such combination), to make, use, sell, offer for sale, have made, and/or otherwise dispose of: 1) Modifications made by that Contributor (or portions thereof); and 2) the combination of Modifications made by that Contributor with its Contributor Version (or portions of such combination).\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\qj\par
(c) the licenses granted in Sections 2.2(a) and 2.2(b) are effective on the date Contributor first makes Commercial Use of the Covered Code.\par
\par
 (d)\~\~\~ Notwithstanding Section 2.2(b) above, no patent license is granted: 1) for any code that Contributor has deleted from the Contributor Version; 2)\~ separate from the Contributor Version; 3)\~ for infringements caused by: i) third party modifications of Contributor Version or ii)\~ the combination of Modifications made by that Contributor with other software\~ (except as part of the Contributor Version) or other devices; or 4) under Patent Claims infringed by Covered Code in the absence of Modifications  made by that Contributor.\par
\line 3. Distribution Obligations.\par
\par

\pard\fi540\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 1.\tab\f0\fs24 Application of License.  The Modifications which You create or to which You contribute are governed by the terms of this License, including without limitation Section 2.2. The Source Code version of Covered Code may be distributed only under the terms of this License or a future version of this License released under Section 6.1, and You must include a copy of this License with every copy of the Source Code You distribute. You may not offer or impose any terms on any Source Code version that alters or restricts the applicable version of this License or the recipients' rights hereunder. However, You may include an additional document offering the additional rights described in \~\~\~\~ Section 3.5.\f1\fs20\par
\f0\fs24  \par
\f1\fs20 2.\tab\f0\fs24 Availability of Source Code.  Any Modification which You create or to which You contribute must be made available in Source Code form under the terms of this License either on the same media as an Executable version or via an accepted Electronic Distribution Mechanism to anyone to whom you made an Executable version available; and if made available via Electronic Distribution Mechanism, must remain available for at least twelve (12) months after the date it initially became available, or at least six (6) months after a subsequent version of that particular Modification \~\~\~\~ has been made available to such recipients. You are responsible for ensuring that the Source Code version remains available even if the Electronic Distribution Mechanism is maintained by a third party. \f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi540\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 3.\tab\f0\fs24 Description of Modifications.\~\~ You must cause all Covered Code to which You contribute to contain a file documenting the changes You made to create that Covered Code and the date of any change. You must include a prominent statement that the Modification is derived, directly or indirectly, from Original Code provided by the Initial Developer and including the name of the Initial Developer in (a) the Source Code, and (b) in any notice in an Executable version or related documentation in which You describe the origin or ownership of the Covered Code.\f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs24\par

\pard\fi540\sl240\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20 4.\tab\f0\fs24 Intellectual Property Matters \f1\fs20\par

\pard\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs24\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1 (a) Third Party Claims.\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ If Contributor has knowledge that a license under a third party's\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ intellectual property rights is required to exercise the rights\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ granted by such Contributor under Sections 2.1 or 2.2,\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ Contributor must include a text file with the Source Code\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ distribution titled "LEGAL" which describes the claim and the\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ party making the claim in sufficient detail that a recipient will\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ know whom to contact. If Contributor obtains such knowledge after\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ the Modification is made available as described in Section 3.2,\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ Contributor shall promptly modify the LEGAL file in all copies\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ Contributor makes available thereafter and shall take other steps\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ (such as notifying appropriate mailing lists or newsgroups)\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ reasonably calculated to inform those who received the Covered\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ Code that new knowledge has been obtained.\line\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ (b) Contributor APIs.\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ If Contributor's Modifications include an application programming\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ interface and Contributor has knowledge of patent licenses which\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ are reasonably necessary to implement that API, Contributor must\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ also include this information in the LEGAL file.\line\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ (c)\~\~\~ Representations.\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ Contributor represents that, except as disclosed pursuant to\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ Section 3.4(a) above, Contributor believes that Contributor's\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ Modifications are Contributor's original creation(s) and/or\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ Contributor has sufficient rights to grant the rights conveyed by\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ this License.\line\line\~\~\~\~ 3.5. Required Notices.\line\~\~\~\~ You must duplicate the notice in Exhibit A in each file of the Source\line\~\~\~\~ Code.\~ If it is not possible to put such notice in a particular Source\line\~\~\~\~ Code file due to its structure, then You must include such notice in a\line\~\~\~\~ location (such as a relevant directory) where a user would be likely\line\~\~\~\~ to look for such a notice.\~ If You created one or more Modification(s)\line\~\~\~\~ You may add your name as a Contributor to the notice described in\line\~\~\~\~ Exhibit A.\~ You must also duplicate this License in any documentation\line\~\~\~\~ for the Source Code where You describe recipients' rights or ownership\line\~\~\~\~ rights relating to Covered Code.\~ You may choose to offer, and to\line\~\~\~\~ charge a fee for, warranty, support, indemnity or liability\line\~\~\~\~ obligations to one or more recipients of Covered Code. However, You\line\~\~\~\~ may do so only on Your own behalf, and not on behalf of the Initial\line\~\~\~\~ Developer or any Contributor. You must make it absolutely clear than\line\~\~\~\~ any such warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligation is\line\~\~\~\~ offered by You alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial\line\~\~\~\~ Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the\line\~\~\~\~ Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of warranty,\line\~\~\~\~ support, indemnity or liability terms You offer.\line\line\~\~\~\~ 3.6. Distribution of Executable Versions.\line\~\~\~\~ You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the\line\~\~\~\~ requirements of Section 3.1-3.5 have been met for that Covered Code,\line\~\~\~\~ and if You include a notice stating that the Source Code version of\line\~\~\~\~ the Covered Code is available under the terms of this License,\line\~\~\~\~ including a description of how and where You have fulfilled the\line\~\~\~\~ obligations of Section 3.2. The notice must be conspicuously included\line\~\~\~\~ in any notice in an Executable version, related documentation or\line\~\~\~\~ collateral in which You describe recipients' rights relating to the\line\~\~\~\~ Covered Code. You may distribute the Executable version of Covered\line\~\~\~\~ Code or ownership rights under a license of Your choice, which may\line\~\~\~\~ contain terms different from this License, provided that You are in\line\~\~\~\~ compliance with the terms of this License and that the license for the\line\~\~\~\~ Executable version does not attempt to limit or alter the recipient's\line\~\~\~\~ rights in the Source Code version from the rights set forth in this\line\~\~\~\~ License. If You distribute the Executable version under a different\line\~\~\~\~ license You must make it absolutely clear that any terms which differ\line\~\~\~\~ from this License are offered by You alone, not by the Initial\line\~\~\~\~ Developer or any Contributor. You hereby agree to indemnify the\line\~\~\~\~ Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by\line\~\~\~\~ the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of any such\line\~\~\~\~ terms You offer.\line\line\~\~\~\~ 3.7. Larger Works.\line\~\~\~\~ You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with other code\line\~\~\~\~ not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger\line\~\~\~\~ Work as a single product. In such a case, You must make sure the\line\~\~\~\~ requirements of this License are fulfilled for the Covered Code.\line\line 4. Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation.\line\line\~\~\~\~ If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this\line\~\~\~\~ License with respect to some or all of the Covered Code due to\line\~\~\~\~ statute, judicial order, or regulation then You must: (a) comply with\line\~\~\~\~ the terms of this License to the maximum extent possible; and (b)\line\~\~\~\~ describe the limitations and the code they affect. Such description\line\~\~\~\~ must be included in the LEGAL file described in Section 3.4 and must\line\~\~\~\~ be included with all distributions of the Source Code. Except to the\line\~\~\~\~ extent prohibited by statute or regulation, such description must be\line\~\~\~\~ sufficiently detailed for a recipient of ordinary skill to be able to\line\~\~\~\~ understand it.\line\line 5. Application of this License.\line\line\~\~\~\~ This License applies to code to which the Initial Developer has\line\~\~\~\~ attached the notice in Exhibit A and to related Covered Code.\line\line 6. Versions of the License.\line\line\~\~\~\~ 6.1. New Versions.\line\~\~\~\~ Netscape Communications Corporation ("Netscape") may publish revised\line\~\~\~\~ and/or new versions of the License from time to time. Each version\line\~\~\~\~ will be given a distinguishing version number.\line\line\~\~\~\~ 6.2. Effect of New Versions.\line\~\~\~\~ Once Covered Code has been published under a particular version of the\line\~\~\~\~ License, You may always continue to use it under the terms of that\line\~\~\~\~ version. You may also choose to use such Covered Code under the terms\line\~\~\~\~ of any subsequent version of the License published by Netscape. No one\line\~\~\~\~ other than Netscape has the right to modify the terms applicable to\line\~\~\~\~ Covered Code created under this License.\line\line\~\~\~\~ 6.3. Derivative Works.\line\~\~\~\~ If You create or use a modified version of this License (which you may\line\~\~\~\~ only do in order to apply it to code which is not already Covered Code\line\~\~\~\~ governed by this License), You must (a) rename Your license so that\line\~\~\~\~ the phrases "Mozilla", "MOZILLAPL", "MOZPL", "Netscape",\line\~\~\~\~ "MPL", "NPL" or any confusingly similar phrase do not appear in your\line\~\~\~\~ license (except to note that your license differs from this License)\line\~\~\~\~ and (b) otherwise make it clear that Your version of the license\line\~\~\~\~ contains terms which differ from the Mozilla Public License and\line\~\~\~\~ Netscape Public License. (Filling in the name of the Initial\line\~\~\~\~ Developer, Original Code or Contributor in the notice described in\line\~\~\~\~ Exhibit A shall not of themselves be deemed to be modifications of\line\~\~\~\~ this License.)\line\line 7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.\par
\line COVERED CODE IS PROVIDED UNDER THIS LICENSE ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES THAT THE COVERED CODE IS FREE OF DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED CODE IS WITH YOU. SHOULD ANY COVERED CODE PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY RESPECT, YOU (NOT THE INITIAL DEVELOPER OR ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR) ASSUME THE COST OF ANY NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE. NO USE OF ANY COVERED CODE IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER.\line\line 8. TERMINATION.\par
\line\~\~\~\~ 8.1.\~ This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate\line\~\~\~\~ automatically if You fail to comply with terms herein and fail to cure\line\~\~\~\~ such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. All\line\~\~\~\~ sublicenses to the Covered Code which are properly granted shall\line\~\~\~\~ survive any termination of this License. Provisions which, by their\line\~\~\~\~ nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License\line\~\~\~\~ shall survive.\par
\line\~\~\~\~ 8.2.\~ If You initiate litigation by asserting a patent infringement\line\~\~\~\~ claim (excluding declatory judgment actions) against Initial Developer\line\~\~\~\~ or a Contributor (the Initial Developer or Contributor against whom\line\~\~\~\~ You file such action is referred to as "Participant")\~ alleging that:\par
\line\~\~\~\~ (a)\~ such Participant's Contributor Version directly or indirectly\line\~\~\~\~ infringes any patent, then any and all rights granted by such\line\~\~\~\~ Participant to You under Sections 2.1 and/or 2.2 of this License\line\~\~\~\~ shall, upon 60 days notice from Participant terminate prospectively,\line\~\~\~\~ unless if within 60 days after receipt of notice You either: (i)\line\~\~\~\~ agree in writing to pay Participant a mutually agreeable reasonable\line\~\~\~\~ royalty for Your past and future use of Modifications made by such\line\~\~\~\~ Participant, or (ii) withdraw Your litigation claim with respect to\line\~\~\~\~ the Contributor Version against such Participant.\~ If within 60 days\line\~\~\~\~ of notice, a reasonable royalty and payment arrangement are not\line\~\~\~\~ mutually agreed upon in writing by the parties or the litigation claim\line\~\~\~\~ is not withdrawn, the rights granted by Participant to You under\line\~\~\~\~ Sections 2.1 and/or 2.2 automatically terminate at the expiration of\line\~\~\~\~ the 60 day notice period specified above.\par
\line\~\~\~\~ (b)\~ any software, hardware, or device, other than such Participant's\line\~\~\~\~ Contributor Version, directly or indirectly infringes any patent, then\line\~\~\~\~ any rights granted to You by such Participant under Sections 2.1(b)\line\~\~\~\~ and 2.2(b) are revoked effective as of the date You first made, used,\line\~\~\~\~ sold, distributed, or had made, Modifications made by that\line\~\~\~\~ Participant.\par
\line\~\~\~\~ 8.3.\~ If You assert a patent infringement claim against Participant\line\~\~\~\~ alleging that such Participant's Contributor Version directly or\line\~\~\~\~ indirectly infringes any patent where such claim is resolved (such as\line\~\~\~\~ by license or settlement) prior to the initiation of patent\line\~\~\~\~ infringement litigation, then the reasonable value of the licenses\line\~\~\~\~ granted by such Participant under Sections 2.1 or 2.2 shall be taken\line\~\~\~\~ into account in determining the amount or value of any payment or\line\~\~\~\~ license.\line\line\~\~\~\~ 8.4.\~ In the event of termination under Sections 8.1 or 8.2 above,\line\~\~\~\~ all end user license agreements (excluding distributors and resellers)\line\~\~\~\~ which have been validly granted by You or any distributor hereunder\line\~\~\~\~ prior to termination shall survive termination.\line\line 9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.\line\line\~\~\~\~ UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL YOU, THE INITIAL DEVELOPER, ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR, OR ANY DISTRIBUTOR OF COVERED CODE, OR ANY SUPPLIER OF ANY OF SUCH PARTIES, BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY SHALL HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.\line\line 10. U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS.\line\line\~\~\~\~ The Covered Code is a "commercial item," as that term is defined in\line\~\~\~\~ 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of "commercial computer\line\~\~\~\~ software" and "commercial computer software documentation," as such\line\~\~\~\~ terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48\line\~\~\~\~ C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995),\line\~\~\~\~ all U.S. Government End Users acquire Covered Code with only those\line\~\~\~\~ rights set forth herein.\line\line 11. MISCELLANEOUS.\line\line\~\~\~\~ This License represents the complete agreement concerning subject\line\~\~\~\~ matter hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be\line\~\~\~\~ unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent\line\~\~\~\~ necessary to make it enforceable. This License shall be governed by\line\~\~\~\~ California law provisions (except to the extent applicable law, if\line\~\~\~\~ any, provides otherwise), excluding its conflict-of-law provisions.\line\~\~\~\~ With respect to disputes in which at least one party is a citizen of,\line\~\~\~\~ or an entity chartered or registered to do business in the United\line\~\~\~\~ States of America, any litigation relating to this License shall be\line\~\~\~\~ subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Courts of the Northern\line\~\~\~\~ District of California, with venue lying in Santa Clara County,\line\~\~\~\~ California, with the losing party responsible for costs, including\line\~\~\~\~ without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees and\line\~\~\~\~ expenses. The application of the United Nations Convention on\line\~\~\~\~ Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.\line\~\~\~\~ Any law or regulation which provides that the language of a contract\line\~\~\~\~ shall be construed against the drafter shall not apply to this\line\~\~\~\~ License.\line\line 12. RESPONSIBILITY FOR CLAIMS.\line\line\~\~\~\~ As between Initial Developer and the Contributors, each party is\line\~\~\~\~ responsible for claims and damages arising, directly or indirectly,\line\~\~\~\~ out of its utilization of rights under this License and You agree to\line\~\~\~\~ work with Initial Developer and Contributors to distribute such\line\~\~\~\~ responsibility on an equitable basis. Nothing herein is intended or\line\~\~\~\~ shall be deemed to constitute any admission of liability.\line\line 13. MULTIPLE-LICENSED CODE.\line\line\~\~\~\~ Initial Developer may designate portions of the Covered Code as\line\~\~\~\~ "Multiple-Licensed".\~ "Multiple-Licensed" means that the Initial\line\~\~\~\~ Developer permits you to utilize portions of the Covered Code under\line\~\~\~\~ Your choice of the NPL or the alternative licenses, if any, specified\line\~\~\~\~ by the Initial Developer in the file described in Exhibit A.\line\line EXHIBIT A -Mozilla Public License.\line\line\~\~\~\~ ``The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License\line\~\~\~\~ Version 1.1 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in\line\~\~\~\~ compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at\line\~\~\~\~ {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mozilla.org%2FMPL%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNFhlBwMziP_08Ktc5V9BIgUWCyh3A"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul http}}}}{\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mozilla.org%2FMPL%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNFhlBwMziP_08Ktc5V9BIgUWCyh3A"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul ://}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mozilla.org%2FMPL%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNFhlBwMziP_08Ktc5V9BIgUWCyh3A"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul www}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mozilla.org%2FMPL%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNFhlBwMziP_08Ktc5V9BIgUWCyh3A"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mozilla.org%2FMPL%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNFhlBwMziP_08Ktc5V9BIgUWCyh3A"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul mozilla}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mozilla.org%2FMPL%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNFhlBwMziP_08Ktc5V9BIgUWCyh3A"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mozilla.org%2FMPL%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNFhlBwMziP_08Ktc5V9BIgUWCyh3A"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul org}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mozilla.org%2FMPL%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNFhlBwMziP_08Ktc5V9BIgUWCyh3A"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul /}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mozilla.org%2FMPL%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNFhlBwMziP_08Ktc5V9BIgUWCyh3A"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul MPL}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.mozilla.org%2FMPL%2F&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNFhlBwMziP_08Ktc5V9BIgUWCyh3A"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul /}}}}\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24\line\line\~\~\~\~ Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS"\line\~\~\~\~ basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the\line\~\~\~\~ License for the specific language governing rights and limitations\line\~\~\~\~ under the License.\line\line\~\~\~\~ The Original Code is ______________________________________.\line\line\~\~\~\~ The Initial Developer of the Original Code is ________________________.\line\~\~\~\~ Portions created by ______________________ are Copyright (C) ______\line\~\~\~\~ _______________________. All Rights Reserved.\line\line\~\~\~\~ Contributor(s): ______________________________________.\line\line\~\~\~\~ Alternatively, the contents of this file may be used under the terms\line\~\~\~\~ of the _____ license (the\~ "[___] License"), in which case the\line\~\~\~\~ provisions of [______] License are applicable instead of those\line\~\~\~\~ above.\~ If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only\line\~\~\~\~ under the terms of the [____] License and not to allow others to use\line\~\~\~\~ your version of this file under the MPL, indicate your decision by\line\~\~\~\~ deleting\~ the provisions above and replace\~ them with the notice and\line\~\~\~\~ other provisions required by the [___] License.\~ If you do not delete\line\~\~\~\~ the provisions above, a recipient may use your version of this file\line\~\~\~\~ under either the MPL or the [___] License."\line\line\~\~\~\~ [NOTE: The text of this Exhibit A may differ slightly from the text of\line\~\~\~\~ the notices in the Source Code files of the Original Code. You should\line\~\~\~\~ use the text of this Exhibit A rather than the text found in the\line\~\~\~\~ Original Code Source Code for Your Modifications.]\line\line\line 19e. Zlib\line\line (C) 1995-2004 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler\line\line\~ This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied\line\~ warranty.\~ In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages\line\~ arising from the use of this software.\line\line\~ Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,\line\~ including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it\line\~ freely, subject to the following restrictions:\line\line\~ 1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not\line\~\~\~\~ claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software\line\~\~\~\~ in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be\line\~\~\~\~ appreciated but is not required.\line\~ 2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\line\~\~\~\~ misrepresented as being the original software.\line\~ 3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\line\line\~ Jean-loup Gailly\~\~Mark Adler\~{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:jloup@gzip.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul mailto}}}}{\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:jloup@gzip.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul :}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:jloup@gzip.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul jloup}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:jloup@gzip.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul @}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:jloup@gzip.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul gzip}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:jloup@gzip.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:jloup@gzip.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul org}}}}\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24\line\line If you use the zlib library in a product, we would appreciate *not*\line receiving lengthy legal documents to sign. The sources are provided\line for free but without warranty of any kind.\~ The library has been\line entirely written by Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler; it does not\line include third-party code.\line\line If you redistribute modified sources, we would appreciate that you include\line in the file ChangeLog history information documenting your changes. Please\line read the FAQ for more information on the distribution of modified source\line versions.\line\line 19f. Freetype\line\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ The FreeType Project LICENSE\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ ----------------------------\line\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ 2006-Jan-27\line\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ Copyright 1996-2002, 2006 by\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ David Turner, Robert Wilhelm, and Werner Lemberg\line\line\line\line Introduction\line ============\line\line\~ The FreeType\~ Project is distributed in\~ several archive packages;\line\~ some of them may contain, in addition to the FreeType font engine,\line\~ various tools and\~ contributions which rely on, or\~ relate to, the\line\~ FreeType Project.\line\line\~ This\~ license applies\~ to all\~ files found\~ in such\~ packages, and\line\~ which do not\~ fall under their own explicit\~ license.\~ The license\line\~ affects\~ thus\~ the\~ FreeType\~\~ font\~ engine,\~ the\~ test\~ programs,\line\~ documentation and makefiles, at the very least.\line\line\~ This\~ license\~\~ was\~ inspired\~ by\~ the\~ BSD,\~\~ Artistic,\~ and\~ IJG\line\~ (Independent JPEG\~ Group) licenses, which\~ all encourage inclusion\line\~ and\~ use of\~ free\~ software in\~ commercial\~ and freeware\~ products\line\~ alike.\~ As a consequence, its main points are that:\line\line\~\~\~ o We don't promise that this software works. However, we will be\line\~\~\~\~\~ interested in any kind of bug reports. (`as is' distribution)\line\line\~\~\~ o You can\~ use this software for whatever you\~ want, in parts or\line\~\~\~\~\~ full form, without having to pay us. (`royalty-free' usage)\line\line\~\~\~ o You may not pretend that\~ you wrote this software.\~ If you use\line\~\~\~\~\~ it, or\~ only parts of it,\~ in a program,\~ you must acknowledge\line\~\~\~\~\~ somewhere\~ in\~ your\~ documentation\~ that\~ you\~ have\~ used\~ the\line\~\~\~\~\~ FreeType code. (`credits')\line\line\~ We\~ specifically\~ permit\~ and\~ encourage\~ the\~ inclusion\~ of\~ this\line\~ software, with\~ or without modifications,\~ in commercial products.\line\~ We\~ disclaim\~ all warranties\~ covering\~ The\~ FreeType Project\~ and\line\~ assume no liability related to The FreeType Project.\line\line\line\~ Finally,\~ many\~ people\~ asked\~ us\~ for\~ a\~ preferred\~ form\~ for\~ a\line\~ credit/disclaimer to use in compliance with this license.\~ We thus\line\~ encourage you to use the following text:\line\line\~\~ """\~ \line\~\~\~ Portions of this software are copyright \'a9 <year> The FreeType\line\~\~\~ Project ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freetype.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGfdc9cFaI7W6-qtvHw7zYs8pi1lg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul http}}}}{\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freetype.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGfdc9cFaI7W6-qtvHw7zYs8pi1lg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul ://}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freetype.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGfdc9cFaI7W6-qtvHw7zYs8pi1lg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul www}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freetype.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGfdc9cFaI7W6-qtvHw7zYs8pi1lg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freetype.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGfdc9cFaI7W6-qtvHw7zYs8pi1lg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul freetype}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freetype.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGfdc9cFaI7W6-qtvHw7zYs8pi1lg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freetype.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGfdc9cFaI7W6-qtvHw7zYs8pi1lg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul org}}}}\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24 ).\~ All rights reserved.\line\~\~ """\line\line\~ Please replace <year> with the value from the FreeType version you\line\~ actually use.\line\line\line Legal Terms\line ===========\line\line 0. Definitions\line --------------\line\line\~ Throughout this license,\~ the terms `package', `FreeType Project',\line\~ and\~ `FreeType\~ archive' refer\~ to\~ the\~ set\~ of files\~ originally\line\~ distributed\~ by the\~ authors\~ (David Turner,\~ Robert Wilhelm,\~ and\line\~ Werner Lemberg) as the `FreeType Project', be they named as alpha,\line\~ beta or final release.\line\line\~ `You' refers to\~ the licensee, or person using\~ the project, where\line\~ `using' is a generic term including compiling the project's source\line\~ code as\~ well as linking it\~ to form a\~ `program' or `executable'.\line\~ This\~ program is\~ referred to\~ as\~ `a program\~ using the\~ FreeType\line\~ engine'.\line\line\~ This\~ license applies\~ to all\~ files distributed\~ in\~ the original\line\~ FreeType\~ Project,\~\~ including\~ all\~ source\~\~ code,\~ binaries\~ and\line\~ documentation,\~ unless\~ otherwise\~ stated\~\~ in\~ the\~ file\~ in\~ its\line\~ original, unmodified form as\~ distributed in the original archive.\line\~ If you are\~ unsure whether or not a particular\~ file is covered by\line\~ this license, you must contact us to verify this.\line\line\~ The FreeType\~ Project is copyright (C) 1996-2000\~ by David Turner,\line\~ Robert Wilhelm, and Werner Lemberg.\~ All rights reserved except as\line\~ specified below.\line\line 1. No Warranty\line --------------\line\line\~ THE FREETYPE PROJECT\~ IS PROVIDED `AS IS' WITHOUT\~ WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER\~ EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,\~ INCLUDING, BUT NOT\~ LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES\~ OF\~ MERCHANTABILITY\~\~ AND\~ FITNESS\~ FOR\~ A\~ PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\~ IN NO EVENT WILL ANY OF THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE\~ FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED\~ BY THE USE OR\~ THE INABILITY TO USE, OF THE FREETYPE PROJECT.\line\line 2. Redistribution\line -----------------\line\line\~ This\~ license\~ grants\~ a\~ worldwide, royalty-free,\~ perpetual\~ and\line\~ irrevocable right\~ and license to use,\~ execute, perform, compile,\line\~ display,\~ copy,\~\~ create\~ derivative\~ works\~\~ of,\~ distribute\~ and\line\~ sublicense the\~ FreeType Project (in\~ both source and\~ object code\line\~ forms)\~ and\~ derivative works\~ thereof\~ for\~ any\~ purpose; and\~ to\line\~ authorize others\~ to exercise\~ some or all\~ of the\~ rights granted\line\~ herein, subject to the following conditions:\line\line\~\~\~ o Redistribution of\~ source code\~ must retain this\~ license file\line\~\~\~\~\~ (`FTL.TXT') unaltered; any\~ additions, deletions or changes to\line\~\~\~\~\~ the original\~ files must be clearly\~ indicated in accompanying\line\~\~\~\~\~ documentation.\~\~ The\~ copyright\~\~ notices\~ of\~ the\~ unaltered,\line\~\~\~\~\~ original\~ files must\~ be\~ preserved in\~ all\~ copies of\~ source\line\~\~\~\~\~ files.\line\line\~\~\~ o Redistribution in binary form must provide a\~ disclaimer\~ that\line\~\~\~\~\~ states\~ that\~ the software is based in part of the work of the\line\~\~\~\~\~ FreeType Team,\~ in\~ the\~ distribution\~ documentation.\~ We also\line\~\~\~\~\~ encourage you to put an URL to the FreeType web page\~ in\~ your\line\~\~\~\~\~ documentation, though this isn't mandatory.\line\line\~ These conditions\~ apply to any\~ software derived from or\~ based on\line\~ the FreeType Project,\~ not just the unmodified files.\~\~ If you use\line\~ our work, you\~ must acknowledge us.\~ However, no\~ fee need be paid\line\~ to us.\line\line 3. Advertising\line --------------\line\line\~ Neither the\~ FreeType authors and\~ contributors nor you\~ shall use\line\~ the name of the\~ other for commercial, advertising, or promotional\line\~ purposes without specific prior written permission.\line\line\~ We suggest,\~ but do not require, that\~ you use one or\~ more of the\line\~ following phrases to refer\~ to this software in your documentation\line\~ or advertising\~ materials: `FreeType Project',\~ `FreeType Engine',\line\~ `FreeType library', or `FreeType Distribution'.\line\line\~ As\~ you have\~ not signed\~ this license,\~ you are\~ not\~ required to\line\~ accept\~ it.\~\~ However,\~ as\~ the FreeType\~ Project\~ is\~ copyrighted\line\~ material, only\~ this license, or\~ another one contracted\~ with the\line\~ authors, grants you\~ the right to use, distribute,\~ and modify it.\line\~ Therefore,\~ by\~ using,\~ distributing,\~ or modifying\~ the\~ FreeType\line\~ Project, you indicate that you understand and accept all the terms\line\~ of this license.\line\line 4. Contacts\line -----------\line\line\~ There are two mailing lists related to FreeType:\line\line\~\~\~ o {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:freetype@nongnu.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul mailto}}}}{\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:freetype@nongnu.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul :}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:freetype@nongnu.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul freetype}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:freetype@nongnu.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul @}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:freetype@nongnu.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul nongnu}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:freetype@nongnu.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:freetype@nongnu.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul org}}}}\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24\line\line\~\~\~\~\~ Discusses general use and applications of FreeType, as well as\line\~\~\~\~\~ future and\~ wanted additions to the\~ library and distribution.\line\~\~\~\~\~ If\~ you are looking\~ for support,\~ start in\~ this list\~ if you\line\~\~\~\~\~ haven't found anything to help you in the documentation.\line\line\~\~\~ o {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:freetype-devel@nongnu.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul mailto}}}}{\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:freetype-devel@nongnu.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul :}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:freetype-devel@nongnu.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul freetype}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:freetype-devel@nongnu.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul -}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:freetype-devel@nongnu.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul devel}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:freetype-devel@nongnu.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul @}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:freetype-devel@nongnu.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul nongnu}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:freetype-devel@nongnu.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:freetype-devel@nongnu.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul or}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:freetype-devel@nongnu.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul g}}}}\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24\line\line\~\~\~\~\~ Discusses bugs,\~ as well\~ as engine internals,\~ design issues,\line\~\~\~\~\~ specific licenses, porting, etc.\line\line\~ Our home page can be found at\line\line\~\~\~{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freetype.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGfdc9cFaI7W6-qtvHw7zYs8pi1lg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul http}}}}{\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freetype.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGfdc9cFaI7W6-qtvHw7zYs8pi1lg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul ://}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freetype.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGfdc9cFaI7W6-qtvHw7zYs8pi1lg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul www}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freetype.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGfdc9cFaI7W6-qtvHw7zYs8pi1lg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freetype.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGfdc9cFaI7W6-qtvHw7zYs8pi1lg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul freetype}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freetype.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGfdc9cFaI7W6-qtvHw7zYs8pi1lg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.freetype.org&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGfdc9cFaI7W6-qtvHw7zYs8pi1lg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul org}}}}\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24\line\line\line --- end of FTL.TXT ---\line\line 19g. Freeimage\line\line FreeImage Public License - Version 1.0\line ---------------------------------------------\line\line 1. Definitions.\line\line 1.1. "Contributor" means each entity that creates or contributes to the creation of Modifications.\line\line 1.2. "Contributor Version" means the combination of the Original Code, prior Modifications used by a Contributor, and the Modifications made by that particular Contributor.\line\line 1.3. "Covered Code" means the Original Code or Modifications or the combination of the Original Code and Modifications, in each case including portions thereof.\line\line 1.4. "Electronic Distribution Mechanism" means a mechanism generally accepted in the software development community for the electronic transfer of data.\line\line 1.5. "Executable" means Covered Code in any form other than Source Code.\line\line 1.6. "Initial Developer" means the individual or entity identified as the Initial Developer in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A.\line\line 1.7. "Larger Work" means a work which combines Covered Code or portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License.\line\line 1.8. "License" means this document.\line\line 1.9. "Modifications" means any addition to or deletion from the substance or structure of either the Original Code or any previous Modifications. When Covered Code is released as a series of files, a\line Modification is:\line\line A. Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file containing Original Code or previous Modifications.\line\line B. Any new file that contains any part of the Original Code or previous Modifications.\line\line 1.10. "Original Code" means Source Code of computer software code which is described in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A as Original Code, and which, at the time of its release under this License is not already Covered Code governed by this License.\line\line 1.11. "Source Code" means the preferred form of the Covered Code for making modifications to it, including all modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files, scripts used to control compilation and installation of an Executable, or a list of source code differential comparisons against either the Original Code or another well known, available Covered Code of the Contributor's choice. The Source Code can be in a compressed or archival form, provided the appropriate decompression or de-archiving software is widely available for no charge.\line\line 1.12. "You" means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of, this License or a future version of this License issued under Section 6.1. For legal entities, "You" includes any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with You. For purposes of this definition, "control" means (a) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such entity.\line\line 2. Source Code License.\line\line 2.1. The Initial Developer Grant.\line The Initial Developer hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property claims:\line\line (a) to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Original Code (or portions thereof) with or without Modifications, or as part of a Larger Work; and\line\line (b) under patents now or hereafter owned or controlled by Initial Developer, to make, have made, use and sell ("Utilize") the Original Code (or portions thereof), but solely to the extent that any such patent is reasonably necessary to enable You to Utilize the Original Code (or portions thereof) and not to any greater extent that may be necessary to Utilize further Modifications or combinations.\line\line 2.2. Contributor Grant.\line Each Contributor hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, subject to third party intellectual property claims:\line\line (a) to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the Modifications created by such Contributor (or portions thereof) either on an unmodified basis, with other Modifications, as Covered Code or as part of a Larger Work; and\line\line (b) under patents now or hereafter owned or controlled by Contributor, to Utilize the Contributor Version (or portions thereof), but solely to the extent that any such patent is reasonably necessary to enable You to Utilize the Contributor Version (or portions thereof), and not to any greater extent that\line may be necessary to Utilize further Modifications or combinations.\line\line 3. Distribution Obligations.\line\line 3.1. Application of License.\line The Modifications which You create or to which You contribute are governed by the terms of this License, including without limitation Section 2.2. The Source Code version of Covered Code may be distributed only under the terms of this License or a future version of this License released under Section 6.1, and You must include a copy of this License with every copy of the Source Code You distribute. You may not offer or impose any terms on any Source Code version that alters or\line restricts the applicable version of this License or the recipients' rights hereunder. However, You may include an additional document offering the additional rights described in Section 3.5.\line\line 3.2. Availability of Source Code.\line Any Modification which You create or to which You contribute must be made available in Source Code form under the terms of this License either on the same media as an Executable version or via an accepted Electronic Distribution Mechanism to anyone to whom you made an Executable version available; and if made available via Electronic Distribution Mechanism, must remain available for at least twelve (12) months after the date it initially became available, or at least six (6) months after a subsequent version of that particular Modification has been made available to such recipients. You are responsible for ensuring that the Source Code version remains available even if the Electronic Distribution Mechanism is maintained by a third party.\line\line 3.3. Description of Modifications.\line You must cause all Covered Code to which you contribute to contain a file documenting the changes You made to create that Covered Code and the date of any change. You must include a prominent statement that the Modification is derived, directly or indirectly, from Original Code provided by the Initial Developer and including the name of the Initial Developer in (a) the Source Code, and (b) in any notice in an Executable version or related documentation in which You describe the origin or ownership of the Covered Code.\line\line 3.4. Intellectual Property Matters\line\line (a) Third Party Claims.\line If You have knowledge that a party claims an intellectual property right in particular functionality or code (or its utilization under this License), you must include a text file with the source code distribution titled "LEGAL" which describes the claim and the party making the claim in sufficient detail that a recipient will know whom to contact. If you obtain such knowledge after You make Your Modification available as described in Section 3.2, You shall promptly modify the LEGAL file in all copies You make\line available thereafter and shall take other steps (such as notifying appropriate mailing lists or newsgroups) reasonably calculated to inform those who received the Covered Code that new knowledge has been obtained.\line\line (b) Contributor APIs.\line If Your Modification is an application programming interface and You own or control patents which are reasonably necessary to implement that API, you must also include this information in the LEGAL file.\line\line 3.5. Required Notices.\line You must duplicate the notice in Exhibit A in each file of the Source Code, and this License in any documentation for the Source Code, where You describe recipients' rights relating to Covered Code. If You created one or more Modification(s), You may add your name as a Contributor to the notice described in Exhibit A. If it is not possible to put such notice in a particular Source Code file due to its\line structure, then you must include such notice in a location (such as a relevant directory file) where a user would be likely to look for such a notice. You may choose to offer, and to charge a fee for, warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligations to one or more recipients of Covered Code. However, You may do so only on Your own behalf, and not on behalf of the Initial Developer or any Contributor. You must make it absolutely clear than any such warranty, support, indemnity or\line liability obligation is offered by You alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of\line warranty, support, indemnity or liability terms You offer.\line\line 3.6. Distribution of Executable Versions.\line You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the requirements of Section 3.1-3.5 have been met for that Covered Code, and if You include a notice stating that the Source Code version of the Covered Code is available under the terms of this License, including a description of how and where You have fulfilled the obligations of Section 3.2. The notice must be conspicuously included in any notice in an Executable version, related documentation or collateral in which You\line describe recipients' rights relating to the Covered Code. You may distribute the Executable version of Covered Code under a license of Your choice, which may contain terms different from this License,\line provided that You are in compliance with the terms of this License and that the license for the Executable version does not attempt to limit or alter the recipient's rights in the Source Code version from the rights set forth in this License. If You distribute the Executable version under a different license You must make it absolutely clear that any terms which differ from this License are offered by You alone, not by the Initial Developer or any Contributor. You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of any such terms You offer.\line\line 3.7. Larger Works.\line You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with other code not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger Work as a single product. In such a case, You must make sure the requirements of this License are fulfilled for the Covered Code.\line\line 4. Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation.\line\line If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the Covered Code due to statute or regulation then You must: (a) comply with the terms of this License to the maximum extent possible; and (b) describe the limitations and the code they affect. Such description must be included in the LEGAL file described in Section 3.4 and must be included with all distributions of the Source Code. Except to the extent prohibited by statute or regulation, such description must be sufficiently detailed for a recipient of ordinary skill to be able to understand it.\line\line 5. Application of this License.\line\line This License applies to code to which the Initial Developer has attached the notice in Exhibit A, and to related Covered Code.\line\line 6. Versions of the License.\line\line 6.1. New Versions.\line Floris van den Berg may publish revised and/or new versions of the License from time to time. Each version will be given a distinguishing version number.\line\line 6.2. Effect of New Versions.\line Once Covered Code has been published under a particular version of the License, You may always continue to use it under the terms of that version. You may also choose to use such Covered Code under the terms of any subsequent version of the License published by Floris van den Berg\line No one other than Floris van den Berg has the right to modify the terms applicable to Covered Code created under this License.\line\line 6.3. Derivative Works.\line If you create or use a modified version of this License (which you may only do in order to apply it to code which is not already Covered Code governed by this License), you must (a) rename Your license so that the phrases "FreeImage", `FreeImage Public License", "FIPL", or any confusingly similar phrase do not appear anywhere in your license and (b) otherwise make it clear that your version of the license contains terms which differ from the FreeImage Public License. (Filling in the name of the Initial Developer, Original Code or Contributor in the notice described in Exhibit A shall not of themselves be deemed to be modifications of this License.)\line\line 7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.\line\line COVERED CODE IS PROVIDED UNDER THIS LICENSE ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES THAT THE COVERED CODE IS FREE OF DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED CODE IS WITH YOU. SHOULD ANY COVERED CODE PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY RESPECT, YOU (NOT THE INITIAL DEVELOPER OR ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR) ASSUME THE COST OF ANY NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE. NO USE OF ANY COVERED CODE IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER.\line\line 8. TERMINATION.\line\line This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach. All sublicenses to the Covered Code which are properly granted shall survive any termination of this License. Provisions which, by their nature, must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License shall survive.\line\line 9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.\line\line UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL THE INITIAL DEVELOPER, ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR, OR ANY DISTRIBUTOR OF COVERED CODE, OR ANY SUPPLIER OF ANY OF SUCH PARTIES, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY SHALL HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE\line EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THAT EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.\line\line 10. U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS.\line\line The Covered Code is a "commercial item," as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation," as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S. Government End Users acquire Covered Code with only those rights set forth herein.\line\line 11. MISCELLANEOUS.\line\line This License represents the complete agreement concerning subject matter hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable. This License shall be governed by Dutch law provisions (except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise), excluding its conflict-of-law provisions. With respect to disputes in which at least one party is a citizen of, or an entity chartered or registered to do business in, the The Netherlands: (a) unless otherwise agreed in writing, all disputes relating to this License (excepting any dispute relating to intellectual property rights) shall be subject to final and binding arbitration, with the losing party paying all costs of arbitration; (b) any arbitration relating to this Agreement shall be held in Almelo, The Netherlands; and (c) any litigation relating to this Agreement shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the court of Almelo, The Netherlands with the losing party responsible for costs, including without limitation, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and expenses. Any law or regulation which provides that the language of a contract shall be construed against the drafter shall not apply to this License.\line\line 12. RESPONSIBILITY FOR CLAIMS.\line\line Except in cases where another Contributor has failed to comply with Section 3.4, You are responsible for damages arising, directly or indirectly, out of Your utilization of rights under this License, based\line on the number of copies of Covered Code you made available, the revenues you received from utilizing such rights, and other relevant factors. You agree to work with affected parties to distribute\line responsibility on an equitable basis.\line\line EXHIBIT A.\line\line "The contents of this file are subject to the FreeImage Public License Version 1.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.wxs.nl%2F~flvdberg%2Ffreeimage-license.txt&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNER1yJKE5B3fXaSaBHeOeIq-yZOfQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul http}}}}{\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.wxs.nl%2F~flvdberg%2Ffreeimage-license.txt&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNER1yJKE5B3fXaSaBHeOeIq-yZOfQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul ://}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.wxs.nl%2F~flvdberg%2Ffreeimage-license.txt&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNER1yJKE5B3fXaSaBHeOeIq-yZOfQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul home}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.wxs.nl%2F~flvdberg%2Ffreeimage-license.txt&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNER1yJKE5B3fXaSaBHeOeIq-yZOfQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.wxs.nl%2F~flvdberg%2Ffreeimage-license.txt&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNER1yJKE5B3fXaSaBHeOeIq-yZOfQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul wxs}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.wxs.nl%2F~flvdberg%2Ffreeimage-license.txt&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNER1yJKE5B3fXaSaBHeOeIq-yZOfQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.wxs.nl%2F~flvdberg%2Ffreeimage-license.txt&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNER1yJKE5B3fXaSaBHeOeIq-yZOfQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul nl}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.wxs.nl%2F~flvdberg%2Ffreeimage-license.txt&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNER1yJKE5B3fXaSaBHeOeIq-yZOfQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul /~}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.wxs.nl%2F~flvdberg%2Ffreeimage-license.txt&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNER1yJKE5B3fXaSaBHeOeIq-yZOfQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul flvdberg}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.wxs.nl%2F~flvdberg%2Ffreeimage-license.txt&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNER1yJKE5B3fXaSaBHeOeIq-yZOfQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul /}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.wxs.nl%2F~flvdberg%2Ffreeimage-license.txt&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNER1yJKE5B3fXaSaBHeOeIq-yZOfQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul freeimage}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.wxs.nl%2F~flvdberg%2Ffreeimage-license.txt&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNER1yJKE5B3fXaSaBHeOeIq-yZOfQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul -}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.wxs.nl%2F~flvdberg%2Ffreeimage-license.txt&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNER1yJKE5B3fXaSaBHeOeIq-yZOfQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul license}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.wxs.nl%2F~flvdberg%2Ffreeimage-license.txt&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNER1yJKE5B3fXaSaBHeOeIq-yZOfQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fhome.wxs.nl%2F~flvdberg%2Ffreeimage-license.txt&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNER1yJKE5B3fXaSaBHeOeIq-yZOfQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul txt}}}}\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24\line\line Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the License. \line\line 19h. Ogg Vorbis\line\line Copyright (c) 2002-2008 Xiph.org Foundation\line\line Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\line modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\line are met:\line\line - Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\line notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\line\line - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\line notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\line documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\line\line - Neither the name of the Xiph.org Foundation nor the names of its\line contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from\line this software without specific prior written permission.\line\line THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.\~ IN NO EVENT SHALL THE FOUNDATION OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\line\line 19i. Mono\line\line\~\~\~ * The C# compiler is dual-licensed under the MIT/X11 license and the GNU General Public License ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul http}}}}{\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul ://}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul www}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul opensource}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul org}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul /}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul licenses}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul /}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul gpl}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul -}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul license}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul html}}}}\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24 ) (GPL). \line\~\~\~ * The tools are released under the terms of the GNU General Public License ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul http}}}}{\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul ://}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul www}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul opensource}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul org}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul /}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul licenses}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul /}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul gpl}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul -}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul license}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fgpl-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNEpxJV7zJSam_xDa9jubKQcga2wBw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul html}}}}\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24 ) (GPL). \line\~\~\~ * The runtime libraries are under the GNU Library GPL 2.0 ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gnu.org%2Fcopyleft%2Flibrary.html%23TOC1&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGxb1ADOOKyThidu8Fv2Mqq6GfibQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul http}}}}{\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gnu.org%2Fcopyleft%2Flibrary.html%23TOC1&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGxb1ADOOKyThidu8Fv2Mqq6GfibQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul ://}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gnu.org%2Fcopyleft%2Flibrary.html%23TOC1&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGxb1ADOOKyThidu8Fv2Mqq6GfibQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul www}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gnu.org%2Fcopyleft%2Flibrary.html%23TOC1&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGxb1ADOOKyThidu8Fv2Mqq6GfibQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gnu.org%2Fcopyleft%2Flibrary.html%23TOC1&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGxb1ADOOKyThidu8Fv2Mqq6GfibQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul gnu}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gnu.org%2Fcopyleft%2Flibrary.html%23TOC1&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGxb1ADOOKyThidu8Fv2Mqq6GfibQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gnu.org%2Fcopyleft%2Flibrary.html%23TOC1&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGxb1ADOOKyThidu8Fv2Mqq6GfibQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul org}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gnu.org%2Fcopyleft%2Flibrary.html%23TOC1&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGxb1ADOOKyThidu8Fv2Mqq6GfibQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul /}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gnu.org%2Fcopyleft%2Flibrary.html%23TOC1&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGxb1ADOOKyThidu8Fv2Mqq6GfibQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul copyleft}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gnu.org%2Fcopyleft%2Flibrary.html%23TOC1&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGxb1ADOOKyThidu8Fv2Mqq6GfibQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul /}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gnu.org%2Fcopyleft%2Flibrary.html%23TOC1&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGxb1ADOOKyThidu8Fv2Mqq6GfibQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul library}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gnu.org%2Fcopyleft%2Flibrary.html%23TOC1&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGxb1ADOOKyThidu8Fv2Mqq6GfibQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gnu.org%2Fcopyleft%2Flibrary.html%23TOC1&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGxb1ADOOKyThidu8Fv2Mqq6GfibQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul html}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gnu.org%2Fcopyleft%2Flibrary.html%23TOC1&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGxb1ADOOKyThidu8Fv2Mqq6GfibQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul #}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gnu.org%2Fcopyleft%2Flibrary.html%23TOC1&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGxb1ADOOKyThidu8Fv2Mqq6GfibQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul TOC}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.gnu.org%2Fcopyleft%2Flibrary.html%23TOC1&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGxb1ADOOKyThidu8Fv2Mqq6GfibQ"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul 1}}}}\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24 ) (LGPL 2.0). \line\~\~\~ * The class libraries are released under the terms of the MIT X11 ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fmit-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGEHB8l9KtNfdopYRy-RpG5p2RUXw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul http}}}}{\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fmit-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGEHB8l9KtNfdopYRy-RpG5p2RUXw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul ://}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fmit-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGEHB8l9KtNfdopYRy-RpG5p2RUXw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul www}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fmit-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGEHB8l9KtNfdopYRy-RpG5p2RUXw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fmit-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGEHB8l9KtNfdopYRy-RpG5p2RUXw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul opensource}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fmit-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGEHB8l9KtNfdopYRy-RpG5p2RUXw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fmit-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGEHB8l9KtNfdopYRy-RpG5p2RUXw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul org}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fmit-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGEHB8l9KtNfdopYRy-RpG5p2RUXw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul /}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fmit-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGEHB8l9KtNfdopYRy-RpG5p2RUXw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul licenses}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fmit-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGEHB8l9KtNfdopYRy-RpG5p2RUXw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul /}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fmit-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGEHB8l9KtNfdopYRy-RpG5p2RUXw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul mit}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fmit-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGEHB8l9KtNfdopYRy-RpG5p2RUXw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul -}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fmit-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGEHB8l9KtNfdopYRy-RpG5p2RUXw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul license}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fmit-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGEHB8l9KtNfdopYRy-RpG5p2RUXw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fmit-license.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNGEHB8l9KtNfdopYRy-RpG5p2RUXw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul html}}}}\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24 ) license. \line\~\~\~ * {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asp.net"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\ul ASP}}}}{\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asp.net"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f2\fs22 .}}}}{\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asp.net"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\ul NET}}}}\f0\fs24  MVC, the Managed Extensibility Framework (MEF), the Dynamic Language Runtime (DLR), System.Data.Services.Client, parts of System.Numerics and {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asp.net"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\ul ASP}}}}{\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asp.net"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\f2\fs22 .}}}}{\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://asp.net"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\ul NET}}}}\f0\fs24  AJAX client software are released by Microsoft under the open source Microsoft Permissive License ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fms-pl.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNHZxVWULPx51N2tx9wWOCglr7-Gpg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul http}}}}{\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fms-pl.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNHZxVWULPx51N2tx9wWOCglr7-Gpg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul ://}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fms-pl.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNHZxVWULPx51N2tx9wWOCglr7-Gpg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul www}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fms-pl.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNHZxVWULPx51N2tx9wWOCglr7-Gpg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fms-pl.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNHZxVWULPx51N2tx9wWOCglr7-Gpg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul opensource}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fms-pl.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNHZxVWULPx51N2tx9wWOCglr7-Gpg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fms-pl.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNHZxVWULPx51N2tx9wWOCglr7-Gpg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul org}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fms-pl.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNHZxVWULPx51N2tx9wWOCglr7-Gpg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul /}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fms-pl.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNHZxVWULPx51N2tx9wWOCglr7-Gpg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul licenses}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fms-pl.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNHZxVWULPx51N2tx9wWOCglr7-Gpg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul /}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fms-pl.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNHZxVWULPx51N2tx9wWOCglr7-Gpg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul ms}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fms-pl.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNHZxVWULPx51N2tx9wWOCglr7-Gpg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul -}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fms-pl.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNHZxVWULPx51N2tx9wWOCglr7-Gpg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul pl}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fms-pl.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNHZxVWULPx51N2tx9wWOCglr7-Gpg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul .}}}}{\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.opensource.org%2Flicenses%2Fms-pl.html&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AFQjCNHZxVWULPx51N2tx9wWOCglr7-Gpg"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2\cf3\ul htm}}}}\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24 ), some of them are dual licensed also as Apache2\line\line 19j. The GNU LGPL Included for reference, for libraries that say they use it. This does not place any code not under the LGPL under the LGPL.\par
\par
 GNU Library General Public Licence\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ GNU LIBRARY GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ Version 2, June 1991\line\line\~Copyright (C) 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.\line\~51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA\~ 02110-1301\~ USA\line\~Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies\line\~of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.\line\line [This is the first released version of the library GPL.\~ It is\line\~numbered 2 because it goes with version 2 of the ordinary GPL.]\line\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ Preamble\line\line\~ The licenses for most software are designed to take away your\line freedom to share and change it.\~ By contrast, the GNU General Public\line Licenses are intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change\line free software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.\line\line\~ This license, the Library General Public License, applies to some\line specially designated Free Software Foundation software, and to any\line other libraries whose authors decide to use it.\~ You can use it for\line your libraries, too.\line\line\~ When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not\line price.\~ Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you\line have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for\line this service if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it\line if you want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it\line in new free programs; and that you know you can do these things.\line\line\~ To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid\line anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights.\line These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if\line you distribute copies of the library, or if you modify it.\line\line\~ For example, if you distribute copies of the library, whether gratis\line or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that we gave\line you.\~ You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source\line code.\~ If you link a program with the library, you must provide\line complete object files to the recipients so that they can relink them\line with the library, after making changes to the library and recompiling\line it.\~ And you must show them these terms so they know their rights.\line\line\~ Our method of protecting your rights has two steps: (1) copyright\line the library, and (2) offer you this license which gives you legal\line permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the library.\line\line\~ Also, for each distributor's protection, we want to make certain\line that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free\line library.\~ If the library is modified by someone else and passed on, we\line want its recipients to know that what they have is not the original\line version, so that any problems introduced by others will not reflect on\line the original authors' reputations.\line\line\~ Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by software\line patents.\~ We wish to avoid the danger that companies distributing free\line software will individually obtain patent licenses, thus in effect\line transforming the program into proprietary software.\~ To prevent this,\line we have made it clear that any patent must be licensed for everyone's\line free use or not licensed at all.\line\line\~ Most GNU software, including some libraries, is covered by the ordinary\line GNU General Public License, which was designed for utility programs.\~ This\line license, the GNU Library General Public License, applies to certain\line designated libraries.\~ This license is quite different from the ordinary\line one; be sure to read it in full, and don't assume that anything in it is\line the same as in the ordinary license.\line\line\~ The reason we have a separate public license for some libraries is that\line they blur the distinction we usually make between modifying or adding to a\line program and simply using it.\~ Linking a program with a library, without\line changing the library, is in some sense simply using the library, and is\line analogous to running a utility program or application program.\~ However, in\line a textual and legal sense, the linked executable is a combined work, a\line derivative of the original library, and the ordinary General Public License\line treats it as such.\line\line\~ Because of this blurred distinction, using the ordinary General\line Public License for libraries did not effectively promote software\line sharing, because most developers did not use the libraries.\~ We\line concluded that weaker conditions might promote sharing better.\line\line\~ However, unrestricted linking of non-free programs would deprive the\line users of those programs of all benefit from the free status of the\line libraries themselves.\~ This Library General Public License is intended to\line permit developers of non-free programs to use free libraries, while\line preserving your freedom as a user of such programs to change the free\line libraries that are incorporated in them.\~ (We have not seen how to achieve\line this as regards changes in header files, but we have achieved it as regards\line changes in the actual functions of the Library.)\~ The hope is that this\line will lead to faster development of free libraries.\line\line\~ The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and\line modification follow.\~ Pay close attention to the difference between a\line "work based on the library" and a "work that uses the library".\~ The\line former contains code derived from the library, while the latter only\line works together with the library.\line\line\~ Note that it is possible for a library to be covered by the ordinary\line General Public License rather than by this special one.\line\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ GNU LIBRARY GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE\line\~\~ TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION\line\line\~ 0. This License Agreement applies to any software library which\line contains a notice placed by the copyright holder or other authorized\line party saying it may be distributed under the terms of this Library\line General Public License (also called "this License").\~ Each licensee is\line addressed as "you".\line\line\~ A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or data\line prepared so as to be conveniently linked with application programs\line (which use some of those functions and data) to form executables.\line\line\~ The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or work\line which has been distributed under these terms.\~ A "work based on the\line Library" means either the Library or any derivative work under\line copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Library or a\line portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated\line straightforwardly into another language.\~ (Hereinafter, translation is\line included without limitation in the term "modification".)\line\line\~ "Source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for\line making modifications to it.\~ For a library, complete source code means\line all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated\line interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation\line and installation of the library.\line\line\~ Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not\line covered by this License; they are outside its scope.\~ The act of\line running a program using the Library is not restricted, and output from\line such a program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based\line on the Library (independent of the use of the Library in a tool for\line writing it).\~ Whether that is true depends on what the Library does\line and what the program that uses the Library does.\line\~ \line\~ 1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library's\line complete source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that\line you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an\line appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact\line all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any\line warranty; and distribute a copy of this License along with the\line Library.\line\line\~ You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy,\line and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a\line fee.\line\line\~ 2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Library or any portion\line of it, thus forming a work based on the Library, and copy and\line distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1\line above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:\line\line\~\~\~ a) The modified work must itself be a software library.\line\line\~\~\~ b) You must cause the files modified to carry prominent notices\line\~\~\~ stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.\line\line\~\~\~ c) You must cause the whole of the work to be licensed at no\line\~\~\~ charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.\line\line\~\~\~ d) If a facility in the modified Library refers to a function or a\line\~\~\~ table of data to be supplied by an application program that uses\line\~\~\~ the facility, other than as an argument passed when the facility\line\~\~\~ is invoked, then you must make a good faith effort to ensure that,\line\~\~\~ in the event an application does not supply such function or\line\~\~\~ table, the facility still operates, and performs whatever part of\line\~\~\~ its purpose remains meaningful.\line\line\~\~\~ (For example, a function in a library to compute square roots has\line\~\~\~ a purpose that is entirely well-defined independent of the\line\~\~\~ application.\~ Therefore, Subsection 2d requires that any\line\~\~\~ application-supplied function or table used by this function must\line\~\~\~ be optional: if the application does not supply it, the square\line\~\~\~ root function must still compute square roots.)\line\line These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.\~ If\line identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Library,\line and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in\line themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those\line sections when you distribute them as separate works.\~ But when you\line distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based\line on the Library, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of\line this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the\line entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote\line it.\line\line Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest\line your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to\line exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or\line collective works based on the Library.\line\line In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Library\line with the Library (or with a work based on the Library) on a volume of\line a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under\line the scope of this License.\line\line\~ 3. You may opt to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU General Public\line License instead of this License to a given copy of the Library.\~ To do\line this, you must alter all the notices that refer to this License, so\line that they refer to the ordinary GNU General Public License, version 2,\line instead of to this License.\~ (If a newer version than version 2 of the\line ordinary GNU General Public License has appeared, then you can specify\line that version instead if you wish.)\~ Do not make any other change in\line these notices.\line\line\~ Once this change is made in a given copy, it is irreversible for\line that copy, so the ordinary GNU General Public License applies to all\line subsequent copies and derivative works made from that copy.\line\line\~ This option is useful when you wish to copy part of the code of\line the Library into a program that is not a library.\line\line\~ 4. You may copy and distribute the Library (or a portion or\line derivative of it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form\line under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you accompany\line it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which\line must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a\line medium customarily used for software interchange.\line\line\~ If distribution of object code is made by offering access to copy\line from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the\line source code from the same place satisfies the requirement to\line distribute the source code, even though third parties are not\line compelled to copy the source along with the object code.\line\line\~ 5. A program that contains no derivative of any portion of the\line Library, but is designed to work with the Library by being compiled or\line linked with it, is called a "work that uses the Library".\~ Such a\line work, in isolation, is not a derivative work of the Library, and\line therefore falls outside the scope of this License.\line\line\~ However, linking a "work that uses the Library" with the Library\line creates an executable that is a derivative of the Library (because it\line contains portions of the Library), rather than a "work that uses the\line library".\~ The executable is therefore covered by this License.\line Section 6 states terms for distribution of such executables.\line\line\~ When a "work that uses the Library" uses material from a header file\line that is part of the Library, the object code for the work may be a\line derivative work of the Library even though the source code is not.\line Whether this is true is especially significant if the work can be\line linked without the Library, or if the work is itself a library.\~ The\line threshold for this to be true is not precisely defined by law.\line\line\~ If such an object file uses only numerical parameters, data\line structure layouts and accessors, and small macros and small inline\line functions (ten lines or less in length), then the use of the object\line file is unrestricted, regardless of whether it is legally a derivative\line work.\~ (Executables containing this object code plus portions of the\line Library will still fall under Section 6.)\line\line\~ Otherwise, if the work is a derivative of the Library, you may\line distribute the object code for the work under the terms of Section 6.\line Any executables containing that work also fall under Section 6,\line whether or not they are linked directly with the Library itself.\line\line\~ 6. As an exception to the Sections above, you may also compile or\line link a "work that uses the Library" with the Library to produce a\line work containing portions of the Library, and distribute that work\line under terms of your choice, provided that the terms permit\line modification of the work for the customer's own use and reverse\line engineering for debugging such modifications.\line\line\~ You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work that the\line Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by\line this License.\~ You must supply a copy of this License.\~ If the work\line during execution displays copyright notices, you must include the\line copyright notice for the Library among them, as well as a reference\line directing the user to the copy of this License.\~ Also, you must do one\line of these things:\line\line\~\~\~ a) Accompany the work with the complete corresponding\line\~\~\~ machine-readable source code for the Library including whatever\line\~\~\~ changes were used in the work (which must be distributed under\line\~\~\~ Sections 1 and 2 above); and, if the work is an executable linked\line\~\~\~ with the Library, with the complete machine-readable "work that\line\~\~\~ uses the Library", as object code and/or source code, so that the\line\~\~\~ user can modify the Library and then relink to produce a modified\line\~\~\~ executable containing the modified Library.\~ (It is understood\line\~\~\~ that the user who changes the contents of definitions files in the\line\~\~\~ Library will not necessarily be able to recompile the application\line\~\~\~ to use the modified definitions.)\line\line\~\~\~ b) Accompany the work with a written offer, valid for at\line\~\~\~ least three years, to give the same user the materials\line\~\~\~ specified in Subsection 6a, above, for a charge no more\line\~\~\~ than the cost of performing this distribution.\line\line\~\~\~ c) If distribution of the work is made by offering access to copy\line\~\~\~ from a designated place, offer equivalent access to copy the above\line\~\~\~ specified materials from the same place.\line\line\~\~\~ d) Verify that the user has already received a copy of these\line\~\~\~ materials or that you have already sent this user a copy.\line\line\~ For an executable, the required form of the "work that uses the\line Library" must include any data and utility programs needed for\line reproducing the executable from it.\~ However, as a special exception,\line the source code distributed need not include anything that is normally\line distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major\line components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on\line which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies\line the executable.\line\line\~ It may happen that this requirement contradicts the license\line restrictions of other proprietary libraries that do not normally\line accompany the operating system.\~ Such a contradiction means you cannot\line use both them and the Library together in an executable that you\line distribute.\line\line\~ 7. You may place library facilities that are a work based on the\line Library side-by-side in a single library together with other library\line facilities not covered by this License, and distribute such a combined\line library, provided that the separate distribution of the work based on\line the Library and of the other library facilities is otherwise\line permitted, and provided that you do these two things:\line\line\~\~\~ a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work\line\~\~\~ based on the Library, uncombined with any other library\line\~\~\~ facilities.\~ This must be distributed under the terms of the\line\~\~\~ Sections above.\line\line\~\~\~ b) Give prominent notice with the combined library of the fact\line\~\~\~ that part of it is a work based on the Library, and explaining\line\~\~\~ where to find the accompanying uncombined form of the same work.\line\line\~ 8. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute\line the Library except as expressly provided under this License.\~ Any\line attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or\line distribute the Library is void, and will automatically terminate your\line rights under this License.\~ However, parties who have received copies,\line or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses\line terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.\line\line\~ 9. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not\line signed it.\~ However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or\line distribute the Library or its derivative works.\~ These actions are\line prohibited by law if you do not accept this License.\~ Therefore, by\line modifying or distributing the Library (or any work based on the\line Library), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and\line all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying\line the Library or works based on it.\line\line\~ 10. Each time you redistribute the Library (or any work based on the\line Library), the recipient automatically receives a license from the\line original licensor to copy, distribute, link with or modify the Library\line subject to these terms and conditions.\~ You may not impose any further\line restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein.\line You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to\line this License.\line\line\~ 11. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent\line infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),\line conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or\line otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not\line excuse you from the conditions of this License.\~ If you cannot\line distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this\line License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you\line may not distribute the Library at all.\~ For example, if a patent\line license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Library by\line all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then\line the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to\line refrain entirely from distribution of the Library.\line\line If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any\line particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply,\line and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.\line\line It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any\line patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any\line such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the\line integrity of the free software distribution system which is\line implemented by public license practices.\~ Many people have made\line generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed\line through that system in reliance on consistent application of that\line system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing\line to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot\line impose that choice.\line\line This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to\line be a consequence of the rest of this License.\line\line\~ 12. If the distribution and/or use of the Library is restricted in\line certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the\line original copyright holder who places the Library under this License may add\line an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries,\line so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus\line excluded.\~ In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if\line written in the body of this License.\line\line\~ 13. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new\line versions of the Library General Public License from time to time.\line Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version,\line but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.\line\line Each version is given a distinguishing version number.\~ If the Library\line specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and\line "any later version", you have the option of following the terms and\line conditions either of that version or of any later version published by\line the Free Software Foundation.\~ If the Library does not specify a\line license version number, you may choose any version ever published by\line the Free Software Foundation.\line\line\~ 14. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other free\line programs whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these,\line write to the author to ask for permission.\~ For software which is\line copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free\line Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this.\~ Our\line decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status\line of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing\line and reuse of software generally.\line\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ NO WARRANTY\line\line\~ 15. BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO\line WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\~ THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU.\~ SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.\line\line\~ 16. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.\line\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS\line\line\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~ How to Apply These Terms to Your New Libraries\line\line\~ If you develop a new library, and you want it to be of the greatest\line possible use to the public, we recommend making it free software that\line everyone can redistribute and change.\~ You can do so by permitting\line redistribution under these terms (or, alternatively, under the terms of the\line ordinary General Public License).\line\line\~ To apply these terms, attach the following notices to the library.\~ It is\line safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively\line convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least the\line "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.\line\line\~\~\~ <one line to give the library's name and a brief idea of what it does.>\line\~\~\~ Copyright (C) <year>\~ <name of author>\line\line\~\~\~ This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or\line\~\~\~ modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public\line\~\~\~ License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either\line\~\~\~ version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\line\line\~\~\~ This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,\line\~\~\~ but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\line\~\~\~ MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.\~ \par
\par
See the GNU\line\~\~\~ Library General Public License for more details.\line\line\~\~\~ You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public\line\~\~\~ License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software\line\~\~\~ Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA\~ 02110-1301\~ USA\line\line Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.\line\line You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your\line school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the library, if\line necessary.\~ Here is a sample; alter the names:\line\line\~ Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the\line\~ library `Frob' (a library for tweaking knobs) written by James Random Hacker.\line\line\~ <signature of Ty Coon>, 1 April 1990\line\~ Ty Coon, President of Vice\line\line That's all there is to it!\line\par

\pard\li720\sl240\slmult1\qj\par
}
 